recent cases
meeting humans with wild animals summer
this year it was not abundant with cones and
berries and other delicacies therefore
the beast go to the smell of household waste on
unauthorized landfills and often
fall into the cities and densely populated
areas especially often visit
bear due to the increasing number
reported cases meet
man with scythe paws governor
Kemerovo region demanded from the heads
cities and districts take the necessary
measures and pay special attention
informing citizens what to do if
meeting with the master of the taiga after all
happened
Alexander Garkusha will continue theme experienced
mushroom pickers anglers and hunters who
often have to walk in the woods
know than dangerous meeting with a bear
however, more recently, clumsy can
meet not only in the taiga well and right in
city ​​center of course in the view
many foreigners
Russia is a country where the streets go
drunk bear with harmonica in
hat with earflaps it seems like everyone should be
ready for such a meeting
All the more so in some villages
the bear is practically homemade
animal and attitude to them
appropriate however if shaggy
you will meet on the street of the city is unlikely
will it be possible to get rid of him so easily
animal that came out to town
different from that which goes through the forest
firstly this beast is hungry course
he will not attack a man to eat
his but protecting a tasty morsel
garbage can
claim he can attack secondly
an animal that got into
densely populated area where the roads
cars ride around are big
at home is very scared of such an island
strong and big beast is very dangerous
for his potential enemies
whom will be a man for him in all
the rest of the animals are not so
aggressive bear himself never
attacks but mostly 1 never
attacks man and bear
he is very careful and even
with a half tons of weight bear 500 kilograms from
he is so easy walking
that even a twig doesn’t twist them
concerns bags which was seen on
Goretsky street then it is not dangerous at all
animal this bear is about 6 7
months which remained one and very
badly scared he won't throw on
passerby and will not attack at random
meeting now surrounding city and people
represent for him much more
danger
than he is to them they are dangerous and then when
you begin to praise they can shake
well or bite
and so they themselves are shy on them requires
so as not to her quickly run away in general with
meeting with a bear is not important
sudden movements do not run away and not
provoke an animal to aggression necessary
remember that shaggy is afraid of people for sure
just like they attack him on man
a bear can only be suspected
he is not good intentions if the beast
injured or if it's a bear with babies
in all other cases it is not more dangerous
any other beast
alexander garculosa is diy friends or
channel 12 company